README.rst, before:

Python Client for Dataproc Metastore API
========================================

|stable| |pypi| |versions|

`Dataproc Metastore API`_: is a fully managed, highly available, autoscaled, autohealing, OSS-native metastore service that greatly simplifies technical metadata management. Dataproc Metastore service is based on Apache Hive metastore and serves as a critical component towards enterprise data lakes.

- `Client Library Documentation`_
- `Product Documentation`_

.. |stable| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-stable-gold.svg
   :target: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst#stability-levels
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore/
.. |versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore/
.. _Dataproc Metastore API: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _Client Library Documentation: https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/metastore/latest
.. _Product Documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/

Quick Start
-----------

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. `Select or create a Cloud Platform project.`_
2. `Enable billing for your project.`_
3. `Enable the Dataproc Metastore API.`_
4. `Setup Authentication.`_

.. _Select or create a Cloud Platform project.: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
.. _Enable billing for your project.: https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project
.. _Enable the Dataproc Metastore API.:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _Setup Authentication.: https://googleapis.dev/python/google-api-core/latest/auth.html

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install this library in a `virtualenv`_ using pip. `virtualenv`_ is a tool to
create isolated Python environments. The basic problem it addresses is one of
dependencies and versions, and indirectly permissions.

With `virtualenv`_, it's possible to install this library without needing system
install permissions, and without clashing with the installed system
dependencies.

.. _`virtualenv`: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/


Code samples and snippets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Code samples and snippets live in the `samples/` folder.


Supported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Our client libraries are compatible with all current `active`_ and `maintenance`_ versions of
Python.

Python >= 3.7

.. _active: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#in-development-main-branch
.. _maintenance: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#maintenance-branches

Unsupported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Python <= 3.6

If you are using an `end-of-life`_
version of Python, we recommend that you update as soon as possible to an actively supported version.

.. _end-of-life: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#end-of-life-branches

Mac/Linux
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    pip install virtualenv
    virtualenv <your-env>
    source <your-env>/bin/activate
    <your-env>/bin/pip install google-cloud-dataproc-metastore


Windows
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    pip install virtualenv
    virtualenv <your-env>
    <your-env>\Scripts\activate
    <your-env>\Scripts\pip.exe install google-cloud-dataproc-metastore

Next Steps
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Read the `Client Library Documentation`_ for Dataproc Metastore API
   to see other available methods on the client.
-  Read the `Dataproc Metastore API Product documentation`_ to learn
   more about the product and see How-to Guides.
-  View this `README`_ to see the full list of Cloud
   APIs that we cover.

.. _Dataproc Metastore API Product documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _README: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst

Commit message:

build: update README to indicate that source has moved and delete all files (#218)

README.rst, after:

:**NOTE**: **This github repository is archived. The repository contents and history have moved to** `google-cloud-python`_.

.. _google-cloud-python: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/tree/main/packages/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore


Python Client for Dataproc Metastore API
========================================

|stable| |pypi| |versions|

`Dataproc Metastore API`_: is a fully managed, highly available, autoscaled, autohealing, OSS-native metastore service that greatly simplifies technical metadata management. Dataproc Metastore service is based on Apache Hive metastore and serves as a critical component towards enterprise data lakes.

- `Client Library Documentation`_
- `Product Documentation`_

.. |stable| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-stable-gold.svg
   :target: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst#stability-levels
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore/
.. |versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-dataproc-metastore/
.. _Dataproc Metastore API: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _Client Library Documentation: https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/metastore/latest
.. _Product Documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/

Quick Start
-----------

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. `Select or create a Cloud Platform project.`_
2. `Enable billing for your project.`_
3. `Enable the Dataproc Metastore API.`_
4. `Setup Authentication.`_

.. _Select or create a Cloud Platform project.: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
.. _Enable billing for your project.: https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project
.. _Enable the Dataproc Metastore API.:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _Setup Authentication.: https://googleapis.dev/python/google-api-core/latest/auth.html

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install this library in a `virtualenv`_ using pip. `virtualenv`_ is a tool to
create isolated Python environments. The basic problem it addresses is one of
dependencies and versions, and indirectly permissions.

With `virtualenv`_, it's possible to install this library without needing system
install permissions, and without clashing with the installed system
dependencies.

.. _`virtualenv`: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/


Code samples and snippets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Code samples and snippets live in the `samples/` folder.


Supported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Our client libraries are compatible with all current `active`_ and `maintenance`_ versions of
Python.

Python >= 3.7

.. _active: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#in-development-main-branch
.. _maintenance: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#maintenance-branches

Unsupported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Python <= 3.6

If you are using an `end-of-life`_
version of Python, we recommend that you update as soon as possible to an actively supported version.

.. _end-of-life: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#end-of-life-branches

Mac/Linux
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    pip install virtualenv
    virtualenv <your-env>
    source <your-env>/bin/activate
    <your-env>/bin/pip install google-cloud-dataproc-metastore


Windows
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    pip install virtualenv
    virtualenv <your-env>
    <your-env>\Scripts\activate
    <your-env>\Scripts\pip.exe install google-cloud-dataproc-metastore

Next Steps
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Read the `Client Library Documentation`_ for Dataproc Metastore API
   to see other available methods on the client.
-  Read the `Dataproc Metastore API Product documentation`_ to learn
   more about the product and see How-to Guides.
-  View this `README`_ to see the full list of Cloud
   APIs that we cover.

.. _Dataproc Metastore API Product documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/
.. _README: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst
